Add parquet file value for match_pattern (#2377)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/ingest/ingest-from-s3.md

|s3.bucket_name |Required. The name of the bucket the data source is stored in. |
|s3.credentials.access|Required. This field indicates the access key ID of AWS. |
|s3.credentials.secret|Required. This field indicates the secret access key of AWS.|

> |match_pattern| Conditional. This field is used to find object keys in `s3.bucket_name` that match the given pattern. Standard Unix-style [glob](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) syntax is supported. When set to `*.parquet`, the file source can read parquet files.|

Reviewer: ditto. we only need to add `parquet` as suffix.

> |match_pattern| Conditional. This field is used to find object keys in `s3.bucket_name` that match the given pattern. Standard Unix-style [glob](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) syntax is supported. When set to `*.parquet`, you can use file source to read parquet file.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|match_pattern| Conditional. This field is used to find object keys in `s3.bucket_name` that match the given pattern. Standard Unix-style [glob](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) syntax is supported. When set to `*.parquet`, the file source can read parquet files.|
```
